[docs] Documentation for CIRCT round-trip. (#701)
cucapra/calyx: docs/fud/circt.md

# CIRCT

> An ongoing effort is under way to establish Calyx as a Dialect in the LLVM umbrella project [CIRCT][]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ongoing effort is under way to establish Calyx as a *dialect* in the LLVM umbrella project [CIRCT][]. 
```

I'd probably not capitalize "Dialect" throughout—I don't think people tend to use it as a proper noun.

> The Calyx Dialect documentation is found [here][calyx-dialect]. While semantically equivalent, they 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is documentation about the Calyx dialect [on the MLIR site][calyx-dialect]. While semantically equivalent, they
```

are syntactically different.  Because the Calyx Dialect is still under progress and does not include 
all the optimizations that the native Rust compiler supports, we have crafted an emitter from the Calyx 
Dialect (MLIR) to the native compiler representation (used by the Rust compiler). This means you can 
lower from your favorite frontend in MLIR to the Calyx Dialect, and continue all the way to SystemVerilog
(with spunky optimizations) using the native compiler.

The native compiler also supports round-tripping back into the MLIR representation. We'll assume you've 
already built the Rust compiler and installed `fud`. Here are the steps below to round-trip:

## MLIR -> Rust compiler

> 1. Set up the CIRCT project; instructions found [here][circt-setup].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up the CIRCT project with [these instructions][circt-setup].
```
